[theme song playing]
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yay-yay-yay ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
COFFEE POIROT
PRIVATE EYE
DETECTIVE CONAN - ENJOY
A SLICE OF TORU AMURO'S LIFE!
-Ugh! [thuds]
-[footsteps pounding]
[Kazami groaning]
[Furuya] Come on, Kazami, what's wrong?
You going soft on me?
I'm not going soft, you're going hard.
Take it easy, Furuya.
Take it easy?
So what, I should just let you win?
Do you want that?
No. Of course not.
[Furuya] How about
I help you out a little?
I'll go all out, but this time,
I'll only use one arm.
[band playing regal music]
All units, report your status.
Nothing to report here, sir.
All clear.
Understood. Don't let your guard down
no matter what.
Hmm?
[Kazami] Furuya?
-[Azusa] Hey, Amuro!
-Hmm?
The bananas are falling.
Uh…
Oh, thanks.
That reminds me.
Did you know that this banana
can be split in two
using only your bare hands?
With your bare hands?
Yeah. All you have to do
is pull it apart like this.
It's easy.
Whoa! I learned something new.
Finally. I was starting to think
I'd never teach you anything.
Here, why don't you take half?
So many people came out
to see the parade today.
Here, let me hold
the groceries for a while.
That way you can go up to the curb
so you can get a better look.
I've got a pretty good view
of the parade from back here.
For real? No way, that's too kind!
In that case, I'll be right back.
[woman screams]
-[man 1] Thief!
-[man 2] Ooh, what's happening?
Hey! Stop!
-[woman screams]
-Stop! Or so help me!
Stay back, or I swear the baby gets it!
Get out of the way!
Huh?
You better move, you're in my way!
[groaning]
Yaaaaaaa!
[Amuro chuckles]
[baby cooing]
[Amuro] Kid's a trouper.
That must have been scary,
but not a tear in sight.
Thank you for saving my baby!
Ohh!
Amuro, are you okay? What happened?
Hey, Azusa.
I heard there was a robbery
and a kidnapping.
All that during the parade?
Crazy, huh?
Whoa? Don't tell me you're the one
who did that to the guy.
Me? No.
Actually, I think he might have
slipped on a banana peel.
You're kidding, right?
This isn't a cartoon.
[Kazami] The perpetrator
was arrested on the spot.
We're good to resume the parade.
Keep watch for anything else.
I'll got all out, but this time
I'll only use one arm.
Rei Furuya.
It's like you're some kind
of cartoon character.
[sneezes]
I'd like to get my dog here vaccinated.
[dog whines]
[vet] Please fill out this form
and bring it back when you're done.
You need a name.
[receptionist]
Sugalot Kiruka? Marlin Honda.
We're ready to take you in now.
Can I help you with something, sir?
Well, I haven't had a chance to come up
with a name for the little guy yet.
That's no problem at all.
You can write
your own name down for today.
I hope he comes up with a name
as cute as you are.
[yips]
Toru Amuro, right this way, please.
Thanks so much.
[shrieks]
[Amuro] Hey, wait!
No, don't run away!
Come on, stop!
Feeling better now that you're home?
[chuckles]
I know that needle was scary,
but you're fine now.
No one's going to give you shots here.
[whimpers]
[sniffs]
[yips]
-[whining]
-No!
Hold on, this isn't for you!
[yipping]
Careful, you're going to hurt yourself!
-[thuds]
-Oww!
-[yips]
-[thuds]
[sighs] What did I tell ya, huh?
Come on.
This is my guitar.
Sounds good, right?
I taught myself to play
so I could join my friend.
[yips]
[yipping]
[Amuro playing guitar]
[laughs] Do you like that?
I'll play the first song
I ever learned on guitar,
since you're such a big fan.
"Hometown" in G major.
[in Japanese] ♪ I chased rabbits ♪
♪ In the mountains ♪
♪ I fished for carp ♪
-[yips]
-♪ In the river ♪
♪ I still dream ♪
♪ Of it ♪
♪ I'll never forget ♪
♪ My hometown ♪
He fell asleep.
Looks like you really enjoyed that one.
Maybe you're from one of those dog breeds
that are closely related to wolves.
They communicate by howling
at each other.
That's why they tend to have
such a big reaction
to sounds like sirens and intercoms.
Now that I think about it,
maybe that's why you barked
during certain parts of the melody.
[in Japanese] ♪ …dream of it ♪
It's the third string, fifth fret.
Then the fourth fret.
So he likes to hear the C note
followed by the B note.
Nice to meet you, CB Amuro.
[sneezes]
CB Amuro? What was I thinking?
That's so bad.
Do-re-mi in C major goes,
"C D E F G A B C."
CB Amuro, though?
Yeah, that's kind of weird.
Do-re-mi in Japanese is,
"Ha Ni Ho He To I Ro Ha."
In C major, C is Ha and B is Ro.
Yeah.
Yeah, I've got it.
I know what to name you now.
[dogs yipping]
[whining]
It's gonna be okay. You made it through
the first time, remember?
It'll be even easier this time.
-Ready? They're gonna call us in soon.
-[yips]
[woman] Let's see. Haro Amuro.
[yips]
[tranquil music playing]
[theme song playing]
[woman singing in Japanese]
♪ Find the truth ♪
♪ We arise today ♪
♪ Promise to yourself ♪
[crowd laughing]
Cheers!
-[indistinct chatter]
-[woman] How beautiful!
Anywhere on my social media…
[Azusa] Look, Amuro, it's raining petals.
[straining]
-Didn't grab a single one.
-Hmm?
You never did that when you were a kid?
You know, catch cherry blossom petals?
They say that if you catch three of them
before they hit the ground,
your wish will come true.
What about you, Amuro?
What would you wish for?
[Amuro] Uh…
[man] Hey, is there more sake?
Oh, yeah, I'll go get
the rest of it out of my car.
Sorry for all the trouble.
[Amuro] It's nice being able
to get together with everyone like this
and have a little fun
every once in a while.
[wind whooshing]
[fist thuds]
[music box playing slow waltz]
Each cherry blossom
is made up of five petals.
This means my wish is going to come true.
Right?
[orchestra joins in]
[music fades out]
[music box playing simple tune]
[Haro yips]
[Haro panting]
[laughs softly]